c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe.config
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.pdb
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Calendar.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarView.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarView.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.g.resources
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.pdb
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarResource.baml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\CalendarDemo.pdb
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Calendar.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarView.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarResource.baml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\CalendarView.baml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.g.resources
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.exe
C:\Users\CodeValue\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GitTestCalendarDemo\CalendarDemo\obj\Debug\CalendarDemo.pdb
